# CrimeSceneInvestigation
 In modern days crime is increasing day by day. To combat such crimes and to provide safety to citizens, police department play a vital role. It’s  a vital responsibility of arresting any criminal who is a threat for the safety of society. After registering the FIR from any citizen, police starts its work and on that basis it arrests the criminals if proofs are found against them. Once the criminals are arrested, police starts investigation from them. After getting all the proofs against the criminal, it is the duty of the police to present all the proofs honestly to the court so that the right man can get right punishment. The true and right information provided by the people to police helps a lot in arresting the criminals who try to spoil the peaceful environment of society. Now a days the organization or police department use computers to maintain their records, so this facility should also be given to police departments to increase their efficiency and to save their time. 
        In this project the user can register their case through online and also they can upload their image based on that crime, therefore it is easier for user interact with the police. The main function of this project is based on the crime scene images,  that is it will predict all the object in that image and finally generate the report. The crime scene investigation [CSI] images are generally collected by criminal investigators, which are closely related to the crimes and have become an important part of on-the-spot investigation information. CSI images could provide vital clues for uncovering of the crime and it actively benefits the judgement of social case.
